Don't get slapped in the face then.
What are you looking at?
What's so good about Zheng Ruolan's grades?
The game is about carving.
He is a bargain, even if he has results
It must be an egg
and
There was also a photo of Zhao Ruolan signing the confession on the news
The evidence is clear
There is no need to consider grades at all
I'll say it again.
I didn't carve anything. I didn't write a confession.
That's a photo of me signing a spokesperson with Ma Shoufu
Wouldn't you know when the results came out?
You said that Ma Shoufu is at this time
Still so stubborn
OK, give you a chance.
In front of all of us
Give him a call
Aren't you the face of their company?
You must have the phone number of Ma Shoufu, right?
Prove it to our face
Call now to prove it
If you can prove it
I will naturally punish Zhao Wanglong's family
If you can't prove it
You and your father will have to kneel down and get whipped for me
Principal Zhang owes your hand first